# ISI-CDAC Illusion experiments portal

This is a new rewrite of the illusion experiments done in psychopy and psychopy.js. This is being developed to be deployed on servers.  

Initially the idea was to develop a python package that can be distributed to allow other people to conduct the experiment. The one click install thing became very difficult to implement due to dependency issues. The abandoned code base can be accessed [here.](https://github.com/mm-crj/geomexp)

Then this idea changed to a web based implementation. The python library previously used to do the experiments [Psychopy](https://www.psychopy.org/) had published a web version with easy code block translation to JS. This library was called [Psychopy.js](https://github.com/psychopy/psychojs). The problems that arose were many-fold. Firstly the code base of psychopy.js is under active development and is not stable. It also has the most basic features of the python counterpart, so many stuff cant be implemented on the web version. This is not a problem of the web platform, but a limitation of the library itself. And then their are hosting  and experiment performing charges if we use the [Pavlovia](pavlovia.org/) hosting solution. Its good for people with limited technical expertise and has a reasonable fee, but for our purposes we decided to write the thing from scratch again and abandon the PSYCHOPY library.

This time the idea is to design the experiments on the DJANGO platform with our own user management and data handling. This gives us much more flexibility and control. We are no more at the mercy of psychopy.js devs to fix the buggy implementations or add new features. Whatever we need we design at out own convenience. The first order of business is to run the ML illusion experiment(wing angle) with user management. Then we can add new variations and other illusion experiment.
